hi you guys okay so it's bringing here
looking crazy y'all see me look crazy
before so don't trip so I have my hair
and all these ponytails because me and
Phillip are going to cut it we're gonna
use my Paul Mitchell scissors and I
don't I mean I do want to cut my hair
but it's not like I'm cutting it because
I want to cut it I'm cutting it because
my hair is just uneven and i haven't had
a trim and ever so i'm just going to cut
in so that it can all be even and grow
out the way it's supposed to because
right now yeah i know i had a shame side
which this was the shaved side which is
the healthiest patch of my hair because
it's like brand new hair in meeting like
this side has been struggling i don't
know if you can see how thin that is the
top is doing ok and the back is doing
good but there's no shape like the back
of my hair is longer in the front of my
hair so it looks more like a mullet and
I would prefer it if the top were longer
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
put these two sections and all idea was
put my hair in four sections and then
split each section into two so I have
eight sections and I'm going to clip
these two out of the way because these
are the two that I might keep long so
I'm just going to trim those a little
bit so that my hair can kind of grow out
in a regular shape so this section is
the one that I'm going to start with and
I'm just I just put a rubber band on
each one and I'm going to go to about
probably here so that this section can
get a good trim too and place a rubber
band and Phillips going to help me uh
we're going to use the measuring tape so
I'm just going to measure out like from
rubber band to rubber band how long it's
going to be about four and a half inches
because we're going to cut right above
the rubber band so I don't know if you
can see that four and a half inches so
i'm going to make every other ponytail
the bagel to four and a half inches and
then we'll cut this one last so i will
update you guys
oh I'll turn the camera on once we get
the rubber bands in and we're starting
to cut ok ok I'm back guys so I put
there's eight sections in my head I put
each section in a rubber band at the
base and a rubber being right where
we're going to cut we're going to cut
right above the rubber band not below it
and I want this crown section to be the
longest hair so I measured these out to
be I believe six inches it's going to be
just a little past six inches i think
yeah the rubber bands a little past six
it just so it'll be a little longer than
six inches for the four in the crown so
I'll probably clip these away and then
the perimeter ones on the sides I want
to be the shorter one so they can kind
of grow out in the shape that I want and
these are going to be 5 inches I put the
rim right at five inches so it's not a
major cut but it's definitely needed
because my hair has not been doing so
good and i got my paul mitchell scissors
from when i was in school so that I'm
not getting split ends right now so
Phil's going to do the first cut and
we're just cutting right above the
rubber band so I tried to make it as
easy as possible I was scared but now
that I see I'm barely cutting hair off
that I'm not scared so just cut right
Philip stop playing those are sharp just
cut right above like right below the
rubber banding you talking well they're
not for you know kid you don't cut the
rubber band first cut name this one do
you want me to catch it or not geez you
trying to make it all perfect you can
hold them right where yeah and then just
put it in the pile
ooh I really hope this helps my hair
dryer because i think i was just because
i haven't been taking care of it and I'm
gonna make a video on this black tea
rinse that I tried I think it really
does help because my hair has been
shedding a lot lately so yeah for now on
my regimen to get my hair back healthy
is going to be washing and deep
conditioning once a week so I'm going to
shampoo and then I'm going to spray my
hair with black tea and then I'll put
conditioner on top of that and let it
sit for like probably an hour to deep
condition you're gonna hold the hair and
Phillip call me you are dripping all
over me hey you got to hold it the angle
where it's all out straight I look so
crazy it's all like pitch black because
I dyed my hair black I'm gonna try not
to do my hair anymore either just to see
if that helps we're all done so this is
all the hair that we cut off which is
not that bad considering that I haven't
gotten any trend since like I think I'm
gonna trim my hair once since I've been
natural so yeah washing and deep
conditioning once a week with the black
tea rinse and I'll give you guys an
update on my hair so right now the crown
sections are six inches and the side
sections are five inches so we'll have
kind of a length check type thing and
whenever we do the next link check I'll
just put it in the same situation so we
can get an accurate measurement so
thanks for watching guys and I'll see
you in the next video bye